---
title: "2021"
permalink: /achievements-2022/2021/
description: ""
---
### 2021


**MOE Special Award:** 

**The Lee Kuan Yew Award for All-Round Excellence (Primary) \[LKY-ARE\] 2021**

The LKY-ARE Award is a national level award for achievement in education. It recognises well-rounded students who have excelled in both academic and non-academic spheres, and who exemplify the qualities articulated in the MOE's desired outcomes of education.

  

We are extremely delighted that **Eliana Chng Jia Xuan (6A/2020)** has been awarded the LKY-ARE (Pri) 2021.

**International Science Drama Competition 2021**

We are pleased to announce that our school's Drama Club CCA has clinched the **First Place (Junior Category)** in the International Science Drama Competition 2021 organised by the Singapore Science Centre. Performing "The Evolution of Farming", the team has also attained the **Popularity Award**.

  

You are cordially invited to view the videos of the finalists on The Science Centre International Science Drama Competition (ISDC) Facebook page (@ISDC.SCS) and [Bilibili.com](https://www.bilibili.com/video/BV1hq4y1Q71e?p=2). Appended below are names of the Drama Club members. We are proud of them! Congratulations to the Drama Club members on making it to the Grand Finals!

| Name | Class | Role |
|---|---|---|
| **Leow En Hui Reiko** | **4A** | Mavis |
| **Amrita Nair Dharmendran** | **5G** | Mr Chia |
| **Teo Rui Zhen Celine** | **4F** | Ms Lettuce |
| **Ooi Kylie** | **4F** | Ms Strawberry |
| **Khoo Rui Xin, Lynette (Qiu Ruixin)** | **6F** | Ms Thyme |
| **Sarah Tan Yi Fei** | **4C** | Ensemble |
| **Joy Huang Yuting** | **5A** | Ensemble |
| **Avelia Teo Yi Xuan** | **5G** | Ensemble |
| **Jovine Lum Kar Xun** | **5G** | Ensemble |
| **Marcus Kirubakaran Isaac** | **6A** | Ensemble |
| **Faith Tay (Zheng Xiarui)** | **6F** | Ensemble |
| **Dhanesh Singam** | **5F** | Hydro Farmers  |
| **Muhammad Aidan Bin Mohammed Rizal** | **5G** | Hydro Farmers  |
| **Keen Neo Kai Feng** | **6A** | Hydro Farmers  |
| **Ariel Lau Zhiern** | **6F** | Hydro Farmers  |

The team also represented Singapore in the Grand Finals and competed with teams from Australia, China, Thailand and Nigeria on 28 August and clinched the **Popularity Award** and **Merit Award**!

  

**Cross Border e-Book**

  

‘Ben Makes HIS CHOICE’ is the first e-book written by a group of 10 KCPPians as a community outreach project in collaboration with Roots & Shoots – Jane Goodall Institute (Singapore) and Winthrop Primary School (Perth, Australia).

  

A simple story it may be, but its aim at inspiring others to make environmentally-friendly choices on the use of plastics in our everyday lives is commendable of our ten-year-olds.

  

Let’s make every little effort count. Make ‘_Go Green Our Way of Life’_.

You may access the link [here](https://www.storyjumper.com/book/read/91059076/5fca0c836affe) for your reading pleasure: 

We would like to congratulate the following 2020 P5 pupils for their amazing contributions!

|  |  |
|---|---|
| **Foo Chiao Lin Sophia (5A)** | **Caelan Chan (5D)** |
| **Teh Keng Siang, Tobey (5A)** | **Natalie Ho Yi Xuan (5D)** |
| **Bosco Ng Wei Zhi (5C)** | **Ariel Lau Zhiern (5F)** |
| **Estelle Wong (5C)** | **Khoo Rui Xin, Lynette (Qiu Ruixin) (5F)** |
| **Jayden Choo Jing Kai (5C)** | **Samantha Tan An Qi (Chen Anqi) (5F)** |
|  |  |


We would like to acknowledge the voluntary work by **Ling Luen En Hanna (2020 6C)**.

She had helped with the illustration work for the e-book.

  

**Fight COVID-19: World Charity Painting Competition**

  

"Fight COVID-19: World Charity Painting Competition" was organized by the Asian Art Association in 2020 to commemorate the outbreak of COVID-19 and inspire the world with the art of painting and show concern for life.

  

The competition was judged by 12 famous painters from around the world with the best works being donated to a hospital or auctioned to a novel coronavirus patient. The proceeds will be used to set up a welfare fund for those affected by the novel coronavirus. 25 of our pupils took part in the competition and our school is delighted to share their results.

 

Additionally, our school has been identified as one of the schools that will receive the ‘Schools with Outstanding Artistic Characteristics’ Award.

|  |  |  |
|---|---|---|
| **Gold:** | **Zhou Zixi (4D)<br>** |  |
| **Silver:<br>** | **Guo Chenyi (3A)<br>Chng Jun Ran, Elliott (4A)** |  |
| **Bronze:<br><br><br>** | **Leong Yuen Xi Hannah (2C)<br>Keira Michelle Chan Lai Woon (2F)<br>Tye Eng Kee Tania (3C)<br>Allyssa Lim (4A)<br>** | **Charlotte Chew Jen Ee (4A)<br><br>Phua Xuan Zhi Ethan (4A)<br>Foo Chiao Lin Sophia (5A)<br>Ng Si En, Tabitha (5D)** |
| **Outstanding<br><br><br><br><br>** | **Caleb Chong Yi En (2C)<br>Hillary Liw Yi Qi (2C)<br>Kristen Loh Kai Xuan (2C)<br>Megumi Kataoka (2C)<br>Anushashree Saravanakumar (2E)<br>Megan Leong Suk Yee (2E)<br>Maggie Liu Min Qi (3C)** | **Foo Xin Yi Nicole (4A)<br>Lim Jia Yi Naomi (4A)<br>Luo Peixi, Hannah Hope (4A)<br>Ng Jun Kai Elijah (4A)<br>Roanne Wong (4C)<br>Alynna Lim (4F)<br>Dhanesh Singam (4F)** |

We are delighted to share that our pupils' outstanding artworks are featured online. Kindly click on the following to view the art works of children's entries from around the world:

  

[MEDAL TABLE - Fight COVID-19: World Charity Painting Competition - Asian Art Association (Singapore)](https://en.artassociation.asia/worldcharitypaintingcompetitionfightcovid19/allworks/)

**Singapore Amazing Flying Machine Competition (SAFMC) 2021**

The SAFMC is organised by DSO National Laboratories and Science Centre Singapore, and supported by Ministry of Defence (MINDEF).

A total of three teams were selected through the school’s i-LAB STEM Challenge activity:

·         **LAB Team 1: Shin Han Gyeol Dylan (6A), Buay Hou Yu Andreas (6C)**

·         **LAB Team 2: Justin Lee Tian Hao (6C), Pramath Narev Nagavijayan (6F), Ng Ren Yong (5D)**

·         **LAB Team 3: Jovan Lee Tian Jie (6A), Keen Neo Kai Feng (6A), Sim Kai Jun Stefan (5B)**

We are delighted to share that both i-LAB Team 1 and Team 3 were awarded the 1st and 3rd prize respectively for the Learning Journey Award under the Paper Planes category (for primary schools). Congratulations to all the pupils who have taken part! We would also like to express our heartfelt thanks to our i-LAB parent volunteers, Mr Benson Goh and Dr Constance Goh, for guiding our pupils. You can find out more information and highlights of this year’s SAFMC from the video at the event’s Facebook page - https://fb.watch/57iJyXeuAh/       

  

**PacificLight Crea8 Sustainability Competition 2021**  

The PacificLight Crea8 Sustainability Competition aims to inspire young Singaporeans to tackle environmental challenges and demonstrate their passion for a sustainable Singapore by showing how waste can be reused, repurposed and recycled.

  

**Christine Loo Sze Hui (6A)**, our CCA leader of Eco-Club, represented the club and submitted an entry - Eco-stool. We are glad to share that the entry has won the First Prize for the Upper Primary Category! Congratulations to Christine and our Eco-Club!

  

The Eco-stool is made of 12 eco-bricks, each of which is a 1.5-litre plastic bottle filled with plastic materials. These eco-bricks were made with the help of the Eco-Club members during the CCA sessions, and the P6 members then helped to construct and decorate the Eco-stools using plastic straws and reused plastic container covers.

  

The artwork was showcased at a month-long exhibition at the Singapore Sustainable Gallery @ Marina Barrage from 14 July to 9 August.

  

**National Mathematical Olympiad of Singapore (NMOΣ) 2021** 

Our pupils participated in the above competition organised by NUS High in Jul this year. We are proud to announce their achievements! We want to encourage them to continue to sharpen their problem-solving skills and pursue the passion for Maths. Well done, pupils!

| Name | Class | Award |
|---|---|---|
| Koh Kai Feng Keon | 6A | Silver |
| Hoa Ee Sen, Easen | 6F | Bronze |
| Joash Loh Chi Yong | 5B | Bronze |
| Seah Yuxin | 5D | Bronze  |
| Wong Kai Jie | 5D | Bronze |
| Quak Qi Wen  | 5F | Bronze |
| Tan Zhen Shen, Rainer | 6A | Honourable Mention |
| Aaron Choo Yan Quan | 6C | Honourable Mention |
| Huang Songhua Ilianna | 6C | Honourable Mention |
| Rajasegaran Aswin Sami | 6C | Honourable Mention |
| Carsten Yung Chern Anand | 6D | Honourable Mention |
| Duan Zehao | 6D | Honourable Mention |
| Hu Shee Qin Norman | 6D | Honourable Mention |
| Tiang Kah Wei Timothy | 6D | Honourable Mention |
| Fung Yik Yu Myron | 6F | Honourable Mention |
| Leong Yuen Sheng Abel | 5B | Honourable Mention |
| Deian Wee Shuo Xian | 5D | Honourable Mention |
| Lee Zhi Wei | 5D | Honourable Mention |
| Lim Jia Yi Naomi | 5D | Honourable Mention |
| Luo Peixin, Hannah Hope | 5D | Honourable Mention |
| Ng Ren Yong | 5D | Honourable Mention |
| Zachary Ho Kai En | 5D | Honourable Mention |
| Wong Bang Jun | 5F  | Honourable Mention |
| Jayna Chia Enhui | 5G | Honourable Mention |
| Tan Lyu Heng, Xander | 5G  | Honourable Mention |

**Singapore Mathematics Olympiad for Schools 2021**  

The pupils participated in the above competition organised by Hwa Chong Institution in April. We are proud to announce that they achieved 1 silver and 7 bronze awards!

|  |  |
|---|---|
| Silver Award | Fung Yik Yu Myron (6F) |
| Bronze Award: | Chin Jian Wei Aaron (5B)<br> Seah Yuxin (5D)<br> Quak Qi Wen (5F)<br> Koh Kai Feng Keon (6A)<br> Rajasegaran Aswin Sami (6C)<br> Duan Zehao (6D)<br> Tiang Kah Wei Timothy (6D) |
|  |  |

We want to encourage them to continue to sharpen their problem-solving skills and pursue the passion for Mathematics. Good job, pupils!

  

**2021 Singapore Primary Science Olympiad**  

The following pupils took part in the 2021 Singapore Primary Science Olympiad organised by NUS High School of Math and Science and achieved commendable results. Congratulations!

|  |  |  |
|---|---|---|
| Xeloda Lee Xi Luo | 6A | Bronze |
| Tam Garth Yvee Gwendalen | 6D | Bronze |
| Leong Yuen Sheng Abel | 5B | Bronze  |
| Seah Yuxin  | 5D | Bronze |
| Wong Kai-En  | 5G | Bronze |
| Mattheus Wee Hong Shen  | 6D | Merit  |
| Zhang Shuwei | 6D  | Merit |
| Quak Qi Wen   | 5F | Merit |
|  |  |  |

**021 Scrabble Tournament for Beginners Southeast Asia (SG)**

The following pupils from our Mind Games CCA took part in the qualifying rounds of the 2021 Scrabble Tournament for Beginners Southeast Asia (SG) competition, which was held on 14 August.

|  |  |  |
|---|---|---|
| Josh Hoe Kang Le | 6D | 4th position in National Finals |
| Zayne Tan Dik Un (Chen Ze'en) | 6D | Participation (Qualifying Round) |
| Kynen Aw-Kay Quan Li | 6E | Participation (Qualifying Round)  |
|  |  |  |

**Josh** was outstanding as he made it through the qualifying rounds and finished **4th** in the National Finals, held on 15 August. Our school is most delighted to share that Josh took part in the Southeast Asia Finals on 2 Oct and gained valuable experience!  

**12th GoodTalk (Global Village) International Children & Youth Bilingual Speech Conference**  

**第12届GoodTalk(地球村)国际青少年双语演讲大会**

This competition was aimed at promoting the understanding and appreciation of the language and culture between the student participants from Singapore and China.

It was also an effort to support the Speak Mandarin Campaign of Singapore, whereby students could learn to speak Chinese language through the expression of speech.

The topic of the Preliminary round for Elementary students was “Our Culture / Singapore Culture in My Eyes (我们的文化／我眼中的新加坡文化)”. 

We would like to congratulate the following pupils for their achievements!

| Most Promising Award: | Encouragement Award: |
|---|---|
| Sieow Ke Xin, Shyan 萧珂昕 (3B) | Timothy Tan Zi Hao 陈子昊 (2D) |
| Zhang Yuyan 张彧嫣 (4A) | Skylar Tan Shing Ru 陈星汝(3B) |
| Charlotte Chew Jen Ee 周真妤 (5B) | Kaitlyn Khong Kai Lin 邝凱琳 (3D) |
| Lee Zhi Wei 李芷葳 (5D) | Ethan Koh Kai Jun 許愷俊 (3F) |
| Zhang Shuwei 张书为 (6D) | Tan Su-Ann 陈思谙 (3F) |
| Pan Roushan 潘柔杉 (6G) |   |

**4th Text Recital Competition for Primary and Secondary Schools**

**第四届中小学课文朗诵比赛**

This competition, organised by the Committee to Promote Chinese Language Learning (CPCLL) and supported by the Singapore Chinese Teachers Literary Recital Society, aims to raise the level of pupils’ Chinese Language reading proficiency, ignite their love for learning the Chinese Language and deepen their understanding of the texts in their textbooks through text recitals. We would like to congratulate the following pupils for their achievements in this competition!

|  |  |  |  |
|---|---|---|---|
| Lower Primary (Individual) | Silver | 栾晓媛 Luan Xiaoyuan (3D) | 《小蝌蚪找妈妈》 |
| Lower Primary (Individual) | Bronze | 洪于曜 Ang Yu Yao (2F) | 《我长大了》 |
| Lower Primary (Group)  | Bronze | 孟晨曦 Meng Chenxi (2B)陈萱颖 Tan Xuan Ying Arielle (2B)牟芷琪 Olivia Mou Zhiqi (2H)  |  《小猫问路》 |
| Lower Primary (Group)  | Bronze  | 张耀恩 Priscilla Zhang Yao'en (3C)<br>余馨彤 Yu Xintong Sophia (3D)<br>廖泽文 Leow Ze-Wen (3F)  |  《地球妈妈您别哭》 |
| Upper Primary (Individual)  |  Bronze | 张栢钧 Chong Bo Jun (6C)  | 《珍珠项链》  |
| Upper Primary (Individual)  |  Bronze | 何声微 Rachel Ho Sheng Wei (6D)  | 《倾斜的伞》  |
| Upper Primary (Group)  |  Silver | 许新悦 Melanie Koh Xin Yue (4A)<br>张彧嫣 Zhang Yuyan (4A)  | 《一件外套》  |
| Upper Primary (Group)  |  Bronze | 黄恩慧 Roanne Wong (5B)<br>周昕颖 Chew Xin Ying Megan (5F)<br>黄腾馨 Olivia Meghan Wong Teng Xin (5F)  | 《可贵的沉默》  |
|  |  |  |  |