---
title: "2023"
permalink: /achievements-2023/2023/
description: ""
variant: markdown
---
### **Achievements 2023**


**International Science Drama Competition 2023 &amp; International Science Drama Competition (ISDC) – Grand Finals**

We are pleased to announce that our school’s Drama Club CCA clinched the **First Prize** in the International Science Drama Competition 2023 (Junior Category) organised by the Singapore Science Centre. Our pupils put up a performance titled “The Way of The Future”. Congratulations to the Drama Club members!

Our Drama team also represented Singapore in the ISDC – Grand Finals (Junior Category) which was held in Bangkok, Thailand on Sunday, 10 September 2023. The pupils were accompanied by Mr Tan (Vice-Principal), Mrs Seah (HOD/EL) and Mdm Suhana (LH/EL; Drama Club teacher-in-charge). 27 of the team’s family members were also present at the competition to cheer them on. Our team put up an inspiring performance to bring across the importance of living sustainably and impressed the judges and audience. They emerged **second** in the competition!

We would like to congratulate the team for their outstanding achievement and extend our heartfelt appreciation to parents and other family members for the invaluable support and partnership in developing our pupils to their fullest potential. 


| Name| Role | 
| -------- | -------- | 
|**Yau Yu Ching (4C)**    | **Millet**     | 
|**Vania Ang En Qi (4D)**| **Earth Part**
|**Hui Qian Hooi (4F)**| **Earth Part**
|**Etania Chow Zhi Yi (5B)**| **Earth Part**
|**Faith Loo Sze Qi (5E)**|**Earth Part**
|**Teo Yu Wei Raphael (5E)**    | **Earth Part**     | 
|**As Reveek (5F)**| **Traditional Farmer**
|**Chee Yi Ray Jeremy (5F)**| **Journalist**
|**Thoong Hao Wen (5F)**| **Farmer**
|**Riaan Nath (5G)**|**Earth Part**
|**Teo Rui Zhen Celine (6A)**    | **Earth Part**     | 
|**Casey Chen Ruijie (6D)**| **Millet**
|**Ooi Kylie (6D)**| **Mother**
|**Zheng Kyra (6D)**| **Journalist**
|**Chum Jia Ying (6G)**|**Farmer**
| | 

**7th Singapore International Choral Festival 2023**

We are pleased to share that our angelic choristers were awarded **Silver** at the festival which drew participation from countries including Malaysia, Indonesia, Philippines and China. They performed All Things Bright and Beautiful by John Rutter and Chinese Medley, arranged by Jason Ong. Congratulations to our pupils!

| Name| Class | 
| -------- | -------- | 
|**Dania Nadia Binte Ngasiman**    | **3A**     | 
|**Koh Yu Ning Cheyenne**   | **3A**     |
|**Hilde Tan Ling Xuan**| **3B**
|**Kristyn Fong Yi Ning**| **3C**
|**Xiao Ruiqian**|**3C**
|**Elena Leong En Ling**|**3D**
|**Chia Xin Xuan, Kayrel**|**3E**
|**Isaac Ang Yu Zhe**|**3E**
|**Poon Jyu Pui, Grace**|**3E**
|**Teo Eve**|**3F**
|**Yeo Qi Qi, Emily**|**3F**
|**Nur Failah Binte Abdullah**|**4A**
|**Aw Min Hui, Heather**|**4B**
|**Siew Xuan Ru Faith**|**4B**
|**Yap Qi Le, Sophie**|**4C**
|**Kaylin Annabelle Cendra**|	**4E**
|**Lim Enxi Esther**|	**4E**
|**Yeow Kai Ning**|	**4E**
|**Tan Joe Heng**|**4F**
|**Tey Yun Yin Melinda**|	**4F**
|**Lim Rui En Eleanor**|	**5A**
|**Jolene Chong Yi Han**|	**5C**
|**Phua Xuan Hui, Natalie**|	**5C**
|**Chng Jun Ru, Elizabeth**|	**5D**
|**Ang Shi’en**|	**5E**
|**Tan Su-ann**|	**5E**
|**Angelina Oh**|	**5F**
|**Humaira Charif**|	**5G**
|**Lim Synne**|	**5G**
|**Ong Chen Xi**|**5G**
|





**Singapore Amazing Flying Machine Competition (SAFMC) 2023**

The SAFMC is organised by DSO National Laboratories and Science Centre Singapore, and supported by the Ministry of Defence (MINDEF).

A total of four teams were selected through the school’s i-LAB STEM Challenge:<br>
•	Pegasi'23: **Yan Mook Yong Bridget (6F), Tan Sze Jie Olivia (5G)**<br>
•	Team Swift: **Fang Quan (6B), Fung Lang Yu Kyron (6B), Ke Weizhi (3D)**<br>
•	Eagles A380: **Yan Beng Jit Bryan (5C), Caleb Chong Yi En (5D), Lim Cheng Xian (5D)**<br>
•	The Falcons: **Tang Ke Wei Daveon (5E), Jermaine Chia Yahui (4F), Pang Zhi Yang Jansen (4F)**

We are delighted to share that **The Falcons was awarded the 1st prize for Best Presentation Award**. Congratulations to all the pupils!


**2023 Crea8 Sustainability Competition**

We are pleased to announce that our school has attained the **Merit Award** in the 2023 Crea8 Sustainability Competition (Upper Primary Category) organised by PacificLight Energy Pte Ltd.

Our pupils from the Eco Club CCA submitted a 3D artwork made up of 80% non-recyclable waste items. Based on the theme of “The Green Key”, the artwork portrays a doorway between two possible scenarios to convey the message of how man’s decisions can lead to an ailing Earth or create a sustainable future.

The artwork will be showcased at the Singapore Discovery Centre from 9 September to 9 October 2023. Congratulations to the Eco Club members for their achievement!

| Name| Class | 
| -------- | -------- | 
|**Chen En Yi, Sarah**    | **6D**     | 
|**Prithicka**|	**6D**
|**Elleryn Lim Xuan Yin**|	**6G**
|**Eugene Thun Sheu Han**|	**6G**
|**Megan Quek Xin Yu**|	**6G**
|**Shafiqah Umairah Binte Mohammad Sujak**|**6G**
|

**National Mathematical Olympiad of Singapore (NMOΣ) 2023**

Our pupils participated in the above competition organised by NUS High in June. We are proud to share their achievements below. Congratulations to all awardees!



| Name | Class| Award |
| -------- | -------- | -------- |
| **Adhi Somu Palaniappan**	|  **5D** | **Silver**
|**Cheah Yu Heng**|	**5D**|**Silver**       
|**Lo De Yang Ray**|	**5C**|**Bronze**
|**Cheng Jie En Ethan**|**5D**|**Bronze**
|**Daniel Zhang Yuzhe**|**5D**|**Bronze**
|**Derron Yoe**|**5D**|**Bronze**
|**Ethan Koh Kai Jun**|**5D**|**Bronze**
|**Leow Ze-Wen**|**5D**|**Bronze**
|**Yew Teng Le Isaac**|**5D**|**Bronze**
|**Yu Xintong Sophia**|**5D**	|**Bronze**
|**Kaeden Toh Ern Seng**|	**5C**|**Honourable Mention**
|**Lee Yi Chen**|**5C**|**Honourable Mention**
|**Caleb Chong Yi En**|**5D**|**Honourable Mention**
|**Ethan Timothy Ho**|**5D**|**Honourable Mention**
|**Lee Yan Chen**|	**5D**|**Honourable Mention**
|**Koh Yu Heng, Julius**|**5E**|**Honourable Mention**
|**Poh Pin Wei, Ilias**|**5E**|**Honourable Mention**
|




**Singapore Mathematics Olympiad for Schools (SMOPS) 2023**

Our pupils participated in the SMOPS 2023 organised by Hwa Chong Institution in May. We are proud to announce that they achieved **3 silver and 10 bronze awards**!

| Name | Class| Award |
| -------- | -------- | -------- |
| **David Koh Hao Yi**|**6B**|**Silver**   
|**Fang Quan**|	**6B**|**Silver**   
|**Koh Yong Wei Janelle**   | **6B** | **Silver**    
|**Leow Ze-Wen**|**5D**|**Bronze**	
|**Aloysius Kerk Rui Zhe**|**6B**|**Bronze**	
|**Aw Yu Heng Hans**|**6B**|**Bronze**	
|**Benjamin Evan Tirtaatmadja**|**6B**|**Bronze**	
|**Isaac Luo Huaiyu**|**6B**|**Bronze**	
|**Lee Rui Jie Aydan**|**6B**|**Bronze**	
|**Xie Xinyi**|**6B**|**Bronze**	
|**Aiden Winson Naing**|**6D**|**Bronze**	
|**Mikael Julian**|**6D**|**Bronze**	
|**Chua Ho Hing**|	**6G**|**Bronze**	
|


**Singapore Primary Science Olympiad 2023**

We are pleased to share that our P5 pupils have done well in the Singapore Primary Science Olympiad 2023. Congratulations to our pupils for their wonderful performance!

 | Name | Class| Award |
| -------- | -------- | -------- |
| **Kaitlyn Khong Kai Lin**|**5D**|**Silver**    
|**Lee Yan Chen**	|**5D**|**Silver**  
|**Koh Yu Heng, Julius**   |**5E**| **Silver**    
|**Leaw Zhen Kai Winston**|**5C**|**Bronze**
|**Yan Beng Jit Bryan**|**5C**|**Bronze**
|**Cheah Yu Heng**|**5C**|**Bronze**
|**Ethan Timothy Ho**|**5C**|**Bronze**
|**Oliver Lim Wei Jun**|**5C**|**Bronze**
|**Wong Lai Shun Joshua**|	**5C**|**Bronze**	
|**Duan Hanyu**|**5C**|	**Merit**
|**Guan Kai Ming, David**|**5C**|	**Merit**
|**Lo De Yang Ray**|**5C**|	**Merit**
|**Phua Xuan Hui, Natalie**|**5C**|	**Merit**
|**Wong Guan Yu**|**5C**|	**Merit**
|**Zachary Dallas Bean**|**5C**|	**Merit**
|**Cheng Jie En Ethan**|**5D**|	**Merit**
|**Daniel Zhang Yuzhe**|**5D**|	**Merit**
|**Ethan Koh Kai Jun**|**5D**|	**Merit**
|**Hannah Ng Qi Xin**|**5D**|	**Merit**
|**Joshua Andika**|**5D**|	**Merit**
|**Keeve Quek Ming Zhe**|**5D**|	**Merit**
|**Leong Yuen Xi Hannah**|**5D**|	**Merit**
|**Mandy Ng Min**|**5D**|	**Merit**
|**Skylar Tan Shing Ru**|**5D**|	**Merit**
|**Tong Xuan Ying Tiffany**|**5D**|	**Merit**
|**Yew Teng Le Isaac**|	**5D**|	**Merit**
|**Tang Ke Wei Daveon**|	**5E**|	**Merit**
|**Thoong Hao Wen**|	**5F**|	**Merit**
|
	





**14th GoodTalk (Global Village) International Children &amp; Youth Bilingual Speech Conference<br>第14届 GoodTalk(地球村)国际青少年双语演讲大会**

The objectives of the conference are to promote the understanding and appreciation of the language and culture of the pupil participants from Singapore and China. In addition, the conference aims to support the Speak Mandarin Campaign in Singapore. Participants in Singapore could learn to converse and express themselves in the Chinese language.
This year’s topics are:<br>
• Topic 1: The Universe I Know / "Math And The Universe" (主题一: 我知道的宇宙 / “数学与宇宙”) where participants can express their thoughts, conjectures, what they hope to explore, and what answers they hope to get from mathematics to the universe through speeches.<br>
• Topic 2: The "AI" Around Me / The Present And Future Of AI (主题二: 我身边的“人工智能”/ 人工智能的现在与未来) where participants lead us to open the door between the virtual world and the real world, and share the "AI" situation they have seen, felt, and foreseen.

Congratulations to the following pupils for their achievements in the Preliminary Round!



| Name | Class | Prize |
| -------- | -------- | -------- |
| **Tan Jie Ming Benjamin (陈杰铭)**   |**5D**     |**1st**    |
|**Tan Xuan Ying Arielle (陈萱颖)**|**4D**|**2nd**
|**Timothy Tan Zi Hao (陈子昊)**|**4C**|**3rd**
|**Jermaine Chia Yahui (谢雅慧)**|**4F**|**3rd**
|**Yu Xintong Sophia (余馨彤)**|**5D**|**3rd**
|**Chevelle Seah Rui Ning (佘睿宁)**|**5E**|**3rd**
|**Sieow Ke Xin, Shyan (萧珂昕)**|**5E**|**3rd**
|

**6th Text Recital Competition for Primary and Secondary Schools
第六届中小学课文朗诵比赛**

This competition is organized by the Committee to Promote Chinese Language Learning (CPCLL) and supported by the Singapore Chinese Teachers Literary Recital Society. It aims to raise the pupils’ Chinese Language reading proficiency, ignite their love for learning the Chinese Language and deepen their understanding of the texts in their textbooks through text recitals.

We would like to congratulate the following pupils for their achievements in this competition!

Lower Primary (Group) Category 


| **Tara Lim Xuan Ying 林暄颖 (2F)<br>Chen Yan Lin Caitlin 陈嬿麟 (2G)<br>Siah Zhi En Andrew 佘志恩 (2H)**	 | **《青蛙和小草》**	|**Bronze Award** |
| -------- | -------- | -------- |
| **Nie Jingjin 聂菁金 (2A)<br>Gwyneth Wong Zhen Ying 黄甑颖 (2E)		<br>  Kwan Le En, Karis 官乐恩 (2E)**  |**《各有所长》**     | **Bronze Award**     |
|




**Upper Primary (Individual) Category** 

| **Jermaine Chia Yahui 谢雅慧 (4F)**	 | **《一件外套》**	|**Bronze Award** |
| -------- | -------- | -------- |
|
		




**The Queen's Commonwealth Essay Competition (QCEC) 2023**

We are proud to share that one of our pupils, **Tiffany Chan Jing Xuan (6F)**, participated in QCEC 2023 and achieved a **Gold Award**. QCEC is the world’s oldest international schools’ writing competition started since 1883. QCEC 2023 sought to get participants to explore the power young people hold within the global community and consider how this power can create a meaningful impact in the world. 

Tiffany demonstrated our school value ‘Excellence’ by expressing her ideas through writing a cogent and persuasive essay. Her performance is truly remarkable for a P6 pupil. Well done, Tiffany! We are proud of you!


**Our Heart for Singapore: Gift to SG 2023**

This year, in celebration of Singapore’s 58th year of independence, Our Heart for Singapore organised a creative writing competition which required pupils to interview their elders or grandparents on one of the specified topics – (i) hobbies, or the places they frequented, (ii) favourite local food or snacks, (iii) how they celebrated festivities or (iv) their ambitions / jobs. This offered pupils the opportunity to learn about the experiences and memories of their grandparents growing up in the 1950s – 1960s in Singapore and to showcase their creative writing skills in retelling a senior’s story. We are delighted that one of our pupils, **Timothy Lim Wei Ping (5D)** has received the **Certificate of Merit**! Congratulations, Timothy!


**2022 National English Writing Competition (NEW-C)**

Organised by Singapore Young Writers Press, the National English Writing Competition (NEW-C) is an on-the-spot writing competition for children between 8 to 12 years old to promote works by children, for children. Through this competition and the publication of the entries, the organisation hopes to inspire children to believe that it is possible to write good stories under time constraints when they see their peers doing so. In addition, they will also benefit from reading quality works. The competition also serves to recognise and encourage budding talents. 

We are delighted to share that **Roanne Wong (6B 2022)** was awarded the **1st Prize for Category 2 (Primary 5 and Primary 6)**. Congratulations to her!


**National Malay Writing Competition 2023 - Peraduan Saya Boleh Mengarang (I Can Compose A Story Contest)**

The national competition “Peraduan Saya Boleh Mengarang (I Can Compose A Story Contest)” was organised by the Nusa Malay Language Centre, with the aim of challenging pupils to produce an interesting story, with excellent use of language and creative storyline, as well as increasing pupils’ confidence in writing.

We would like to congratulate our pupil **Sakinah Umairah Binte Mohammad Sujak (4F)** for achieving Gold with Honours! Well done, Sakinah! 



**Chinnanj Chittukkal 2023 (Tamil Literary Competition 2023)**

Cinnanj Chittukkal 2023 (Tamil Literary Competition 2023) was organized by Teck Ghee Indian Activity Executive Committee, with the aim to promote the usage of spoken and written Tamil.

Our P1 to P6 pupils took part in a series of competitions and we are pleased to share with you that two of our P2 pupils stood out from the Characterization Competition and Word Formation Competition respectively.  Congratulations to our winners!

•	Characterization Competition: **Anbu Raj Aparna (2A) – 5th Prize** <br>
•	Word Formation Competition: **Chinnaiyan Vijayakumar Vaseegharan (2B) – 4th Prize**


**National Cyber Wellness Advocacy Challenge (NCAC) 2023**

A team of 4 Peer Support Leaders took part in the inaugural NCAC 2023 and designed their Advocacy toolkit and Outreach plan, which aimed to educate the school on “Evaluating Online News”. We are delighted to share with you that the team is awarded the **Gold Award**. Well done, pupils! 

| Name| Class | 
| -------- | -------- | 
|**Yan Beng Jit Bryan**    | **5C**     | 
|**Asher Ng Kai Yik**   | **5G**     |
|**Humaira Charif**| **5G**
|**Ong Chen Xi**| **5G**
|


**Boys’ Brigade (BB) JM Fraser Award for Excellence (High Distinction) 2022**

The BB 5J Singapore Company is awarded the **JM Fraser Award for Excellence (High Distinction)**! The JM Fraser Award for Excellence recognises BB companies in Singapore for their standard of excellence in delivering BB programmes and activities, which focus on holistic character development.

To achieve **High Distinction** for this award, BB 5J has demonstrated excellence in areas of administration, stakeholder engagement, capacity building and fund-raising, enrolment and membership, new and core programmes as well as development and learning.

We thank all stakeholders for your unwavering support. We will continue with our efforts to make excellence a way of life so that our boys continue to grow from strength to strength!

**Boys’ Brigade Gold Award**

The Gold Award is the highest award a BB Boy can attain in the Juniors Programme. The boys would need to participate in the Adventure Quest, complete at least 4 hours of community service as well as attain all the other colour awards throughout their journey in the BB Junior Programme. This year, we are delighted to share that 17 of our boys were presented with the **Boys’ Brigade Gold Award**! 

| Name| Class | 
| -------- | -------- | 
|**Oswald Tan Shu Xing**    | **6A**     | 
|**Vimal Javian S/O Nagarajan**   | **6A**     |
|**Aloysius Kerk Rui Zhe**| **6B**
|**Fang Quan**| **6B**
|**Chia Tian Long**| **6C**
|**Gideon Loh Kai Ken**| **6D**
|**Hah Xian Rong** |**6D**
|**Mikael Julian**| **6D**
|**Cirrus Finn Zoisl** |**6F**
|**Lew Le Xiang Isaac**| **6F**
|**Tan Yi Jun Gareth**|**6F**
|**Darren Lim You Yan** |**6G**
|**Lim Hong Tee** |**6G**
|**Lim Kai Jun Joshua** |**6G**
|**Lim Yi Xuan, Thaddeus**|**6G**
|


**The Boys’ Brigade Adventure Quest – Gold Honour Roll**

17 of our P6 BB Boys took part in the Boys’ Brigade Adventure Quest which aims to promote teamwork, endurance, fighting spirit and sportsmanship among the BB Boys. 

As reported in our letter dated 31 Mar 2023 (KCPPS/2023/5), our boys competed with over 70 teams from schools across Singapore; **one of our four teams emerged Second in Position**! 

A total of 297 Boys from 37 BB Companies in Singapore participated in this event and our school’s 5J BB Company is awarded the **Gold Honour Roll**. Well done, 5J BB Company!


**Boys’ Brigade Adventure Quest (BB AQ) 2023**

BB AQ 2023 was held on Sat 11 Mar to promote characteristics of adventure, teamwork, endurance, fighting spirit and sportsmanship among the BB Boys, to draw them out of their
comfort zones and to build their self-confidence. The skills and competencies our Primary 6 BB Boys acquired throughout their four years in BB are put to a test in a creative and meaningful
way as they raced against time and competed with over 70 teams from schools across Singapore. One of our four teams emerged **second in position**!


**Second place**


| Name| Class | 
| -------- | -------- | 
|**Oswald Tan Shu Xing**    | **6A**     | 
|**Fang Quan**| **6B**
|**Cavine Chong Nam Feng**| **6D**
|**Ezekiel Chioh Sheng Qiang**| **6D**
|**Lim Yi Xuan, Thaddeus**|**6G**
|

**Participating Teams**


| Name | Class |
| -------- | -------- | 
|**Vimal Javian S/O Nagarajan**   | **6A**     |
|**Aloysius Kerk Rui Zhe**| **6B**
|**Chia Tian Long**| **6C**
|**Gideon Loh Kai Ken**| **6D**
|**Hah Xian Rong** |**6D**
|**Mikael Julian**| **6D**
|**Cirrus Finn Zoisl** |**6F**
|**Lew Le Xiang Isaac**| **6F**
|**Tan Yi Jun Gareth**|**6F**
|**Darren Lim You Yan** |**6G**
|**Lim Hong Tee** |**6G**
|**Lim Kai Jun Joshua** |**6G**
|

**BB Character Quest (BB CQ) 2023**

BB CQ 2023 was held on 12 August. It is an annual national competition where the Boys learn about character values from stories in the Bible and work together in teams to overcome challenges and complete quizzes. A total of 547 Boys from 39 BB Companies participated in the event this year. We are delighted to announce that BB 5J is awarded the **Silver Honour Roll**. Good job, Boys!

| Name | Class |
| -------- | -------- | 
|**Ho Rong Kai Lucas**   | **4A**     |
|**Timothy Hoh Rong Xuan**| **4B**
|**Timothy Tan Zi Hao**| **4C**
|**Armo Ng Quing**| **4E**
|**Lincoln Yim Wei Jie** |**4E**
|**Ayden Gan Kay Kiat**| **4F**
|**Chew An Yi Jared** |**5C**
|**Duan Hanyu**| **5C**
|**Ethan Ong Jia Hao**|**5C**
|**Peter Ow Zhan Xun** |**5C**
|**Yang Jing, Yanique** |**5C**
|**Cheah Yu Heng** |**5D**
|**Isaac Tseng Pin Xi**|**5D**
|**Lim Jia He Nathanael**|**5D**
|**Yew Teng Le Isaac**|**5D**
|**Caleb Lim Zhe Yu**|**5E**
|**Poh Pin Wei, Ilias**|**5E**
|**Isaac Ang Rui Bin**|**5G**
|


**Best Boy in Boys' Brigade 5J Singapore Company &amp; Tan Boon Chiang Medal Awardee**

**Oswald Tan Shu Xing (6A)** is awarded the **Best Boy in Boys’ Brigade (BB) 5J Singapore Company**. He is also awarded the **Tan Boon Chiang Medal**. This medal is named after the Honarary President (Retired), Mr Tan Boon Chiang, PPA, BBM(L), and was instituted in 2003 to recognise the Top Boy in each BB Company in primary schools. Congratulations, Oswald!
To qualify for this award, the BB Company must be of reasonable standing in terms of its programme and operations and the Best Boy must be a role model among his peers, performing well not only in the BB but also in school.




**Girls’ Brigade (GB) Company Award 2022**

The 28th (P) GB Company has recently been awarded the Gold Company Award. This award is presented to companies based on their programmes, activities and badges achieved by the girls. This is a testament of the great team effort by the officers, teachers, girls and parents. We would like to take this opportunity to thank all parents for their love and support over the past year.

**The Girls’ Brigade Singapore Drill Competition (Junior Category) Carnival 2023 <br>
Gold Award and Challenge Trophy**

We would like to congratulate the following girls for attaining the **Gold Award** in the recent National Drill Competition. The stellar performance by the girls also won them the **Challenge Trophy**! As the top company among all the Gold awardees, the girls got a chance to perform their fancy drill a second time as a finale item during the day of the competition.

We would like to thank all stakeholders for your support to our girls!


| Name| Class |
| -------- | -------- | 
| **Cathy Koh Jia Ting**     | **4A**|
|**Chia Tze Eng, Terra**|	**4A**
|**Vania Ang En Qi**|	**4D**
|**Nicole Min Lai Naing**	|**4E**
|**Wong Rou Hsuan Lauren**|**4E**
|**Zelyn Yeo Xin Ying**|	**5A**
|**Khoo Rui Qi, Sophie**|	**5C**
|**Lee Yi Chen**	|**5C**
|**Kaitlyn Khong Kai Lin**|**5D**
|**Kwan Yu Yun**|**5D**|
|**Sabrynna Quinn Tjandra**|**5D**|
|**Skylar Tan Shing Ru**|**5D**|
|**Chloe Chen Luoyi**|**5E**|
|**Faith Loo Sze Qi**|**5E**|
|**Angelina Oh**|**5F**|
|**Caelyn Koh Jia Lin**|**5F**|
|**Kristen Loh Kai Xuan**|**5F**|
|**Desnia Leong Ruishan**|**5G**|
|**Wong Chien Yieng Sophie**|**5G**|
|




**Girls’ Brigade Junior Brigader Brooch Awards 2022**

The Junior Brigader Brooch (JBB) is the highest award that a primary school girl can attain. It is awarded to girls with a sense of responsibility, outstanding character and leadership qualities. The girls prepared their personal portfolio and reflected on their GB journey. We are pleased to announce that 10 of our Junior Leaders will be receiving this award. Congratulations, girls! We are very proud of you!



| Name| Class |
| -------- | -------- | 
| **Wong Sum Wai, Jenny**     | **6A**|
|**Janessa Fong Rui Min**|	**6B**
|**Kaelyn Tan En Qi**|	**6B**
|**Koh Yong Wei Janelle**	|**6B**
|**Ho Wen Xuan Eva**|**6C**
|**Karyn Fong Yi Xuan**|	**6D**
|**Kang Xin Yu Eloise**|	**6F**
|**Tiffany Chan Jing Xuan**	|**6F**
|**Chew An Rui Stacey**|**6G**
|**Grace Phang Hui En**|**6G**
|

**Girls’ Brigade Junior Leadership Training Camp (GB JLTC)**

The GB JLTC is a national camp aimed to equip girls with relevant knowledge and skills to lead confidently. The camp provides the experiential learning for girls to build character, courage and resilience. This year, parents were also invited to participate in the game segment organised by the girls and be involved in the promotion ceremony.

We are proud to announce that 14 girls from the 28th (P) Girls’ Brigade have successfully completed the JLTC and are officially appointed as Junior Leaders. We would like to thank parents of the girls for their participation in the camp.


| Name | Class 
| -------- | -------- 
| **Zelyn Yeo Xin Ying**     | **5A** |
|**Khoo Rui Qi, Sophie**|	**5C**
|**Lee Yi Chen**|	**5C**
|**Hannah Ng Qi Xin**|	**5D**
|**Kaitlyn Khong Kai Lin**|	**5D**
|**Kwan Yu Yun**|	**5D**
|**Mikaela Ng Jin Xin**|**5D**
|**Sabrynna Quinn Tjandra**|	**5D**
|**Skylar Tan Shing Ru**|	**5D**
|**Faith Loo Sze Qi**|	**5E**
|**Koh Zi Qi**|	**5E**
|**Tan Le-Ann**|	**5E**
|**Desnia Leong Ruishan**	|**5G**
|**Wong Chien Yieng Sophie**|	**5G**
|

**74th National Schools Individuals Chess Championship 2023**

Our pupils took part in the 74th National Schools Individuals Chess Championship 2023 held on 11 and 12 Mar. The following pupils achieved commendable results in their respective categories. Our heartiest congratulations to all the winners!

| **U10 Girls**|**Phebe Shee Rui Han (3D)**|**9th in South Zone** |
| -------- | -------- | -------- |
| **U12 Open** | **Adhi Somu Palaniappan (5D)**|**10th in South Zone**     |
|**U12 Girls**|**Reanne Tai Shi Xu (6G)**|**6th in South Zone**|
|


**22nd Inter-School National Scrabble Championship (ISNSC) 2023**

Our Mind Games Club members took part in the 22nd Inter-School National Scrabble Championship (ISNSC) 2023 held on 1 and 19 Apr.

We congratulate the following pupils for their achievements in the Individual Event.

| **Junior Division** |**Kong Yih Chern, Leon (4D)** | **3rd in Premier Cup category** |
| -------- | -------- | -------- |
| **Senior Division**   | **Kevin Utomo (5E)**   | **4th in Cup category**     |
|**Senior Division**|**Isaac Luo Huaiyu (6B)**|**3rd in Cup category**|
|**Senior Division**|**Jaden Ang Junyi (6C)**|**1st in Plate category**|
|

In the Team Event, the KCPPS team was awarded **2nd place in the Cup Category**.

We congratulate the boys for their efforts and achievement!

| Name | Class 
| -------- | -------- 
| **Kevin Utomo**     | **5E** |
|**Wallace Ang Jun Cheng**|	**5E**|
|**Isaac Luo Huaiyu**|**6B**|
|**Kyrus Lee Jie Yang**|**6B**|
|**Jaden Ang Junyi**|**6C**|
|

**13th Super Zonal Schools Scrabble Competition  2023**

The 13th Super Zonal Schools Competition 2023 was held on 8 November 2023 and 12 of our pupils represented the school in the Scrabble competition. 

We congratulate them for their achievements!



| Name| Class | Position |
| -------- | -------- | -------- |
| **Vyogaan S/O Vignesh**|**3D**  |**2nd place (Silver)** 
|**Lim Jae En**| **3E**|**2nd place (Silver)** 
|**Koh Tian Pin, Keiden**  |**3E**     |**2nd place (Silver)**     |
|**Isaac Luo Huaiyu**|**6B**|**Merit Award**|
|**Kyrus Lee Jie Yang**|**6B**|**Merit Award**|
|**Jaden Ang Junyi**|**6C**|**Merit Award**|
|**Oliver Weng**|**3D**|**Participation**
|**Kong Yih Chern, Leon**|**4D**|**Participation**
|**Tan Yan Chuan Daniel**|**4F**|**Participation**
|**Wallace Ang Jun Cheng**|**5E**|**Participation**
|**Kevin Utomo**|**5E**|**Participation**
|




**Jurong Green CC Open Scrabble Championship 2023 (Category E – Primary School Pupils)**

Our Mind Games Club members took part in the Jurong Green CC Open Scrabble Championship 2023 held on 19 Mar.

We congratulate the following pupils for their outstanding achievements!

| **Name** | **Class** |**Position** |
| -------- | -------- | -------- |
| **Isaac Luo Huaiyu**   | **6B**   | **3rd**     |
|**Wallace Ang Jun Cheng**|**5E**|**9th**|
|


**Pei Hwa Secondary Hackathon 2023**

Our New Media Club members participated in the highly anticipated Pei Hwa Hackathon 2023, held on 27 May, and emerged as the **Champions**!

We extend our heartfelt congratulations to the following pupils for their exceptional accomplishments.

| Name | Class|
| -------- | -------- | 
| **Liz Luar Yu Rou**     | **6A**     |
|**Lee Min Ho Bosco**|**6B**|
|**Ng Tze Rae**|**6B**|
|**Tan Zi Loong**|**6F**|
|

**National Primary Games Creation and Coding Competition (NPGC3) 2023**

The annual competition provides a platform for pupils in Singapore to showcase their talents and creativity in developing computer games. This year’s theme requires participants to create a game based on the Singapore Green Plan 2030.

Four of our P5 New Media Club members formed a team and participated in the competition. Our team of pupils created a game titled ‘KC Warriors – Making the Little Red Dot Green’ for the competition. We congratulate our pupils for making it to the **Top 15**.



| Name | Class|
| -------- | -------- | 
| **Ethan Timothy Ho**     | **5D**     |
|**Tong Xuan Ying Tiffany**|**5D**|
|**Ethan James Seaward**|**5G**|
|**Lim Zhi Ling Kathy**|**5G**|
|




**National School Games (NSG) Updates**

The NSG provide an authentic platform to build character in our pupil-athletes in their pursuit of sporting excellence. We are delighted to share that our pupils have displayed resilience, sportsmanship, and teamwork throughout the games.
This year, our school was represented in the following NSG competitions: Artistic and Rhythmic Gymnastics, Badminton, Basketball, Bowling, Football, Golf, Table Tennis, Track and Field, Rope Skipping, Sailing, Swimming, Taekwondo, Tennis and Wushu.
While the NSG is still ongoing, we would like to commend all our pupils who have taken part in the various NSG competitions. We are delighted to share the outstanding achievements in the following events.

**2023 Artistic Gymnastics Competition**

| **Overall** | **Hannah Lee Rui En (4B)** |**Rank 10** |
| -------- | -------- | -------- |
| **Uneven Bar**   | **Hannah Lee Rui En (4B)**   | **Bronze Medal**     |
|**Vault**|**Hannah Lee Rui En (4B)**|**Bronze Medal**|
|**Balance Beam**|**Ng Kai Qi Caris (5C)**|**Achievement Pin**|
|**Floor Exercise**|**Ng Kai Qi Caris (5C)**|**Achievement Pin**|
|**Vault**|**Ng Kai Qi Caris (5C)**|**Achievement Pin**|
|**Vault**|**Kristen Loh Kai Xuan (5F)**|**Achievement Pin**|
|

**2023 NSG Badminton Championships (Singles Competition)**

| **Tier 1** | **Xu Mingzhuo (4D)** |**Gold Achievement Pin** |
| -------- | -------- | -------- |
| **Tier 2**   | **Lim Wen Xuan, Raeanne (4F)** | **Silver Achievement Pin**     
|**Tier 2**|**Samuel Albright Sudjono (4F)**    | **Silver Achievement Pin**     |
|**Tier 3**|**Chan En En Samantha (5C)**|**1st position**|
|

**2023 NSG Badminton Championships (Doubles Competition)**

| **Tier 1** | **Ang Yu Yao (4F)**|**Gold Achievement Pin**
| -------- | -------- | -------- |
| **Tier 1** |**Tian Xuan Han Brayden (5C)** |**Gold Achievement Pin** |
|**Tier 2**   | **Chen Yukai (4D)** | **Silver Achievement Pin**     |
|**Tier 2** |**Clarence Tjhua Yue Heng (4F)** | **Silver Achievement Pin**     |
|**Tier 2** |**She Jian Yu (5E)** | **Silver Achievement Pin**     |
|**Tier 2** |**Kendrick Tang Yu Heng (5G)**  | **Silver Achievement Pin**     |
|

**2023 NSG Basketball Championship**

| **Junior Boys Tier 2** | **Lim Cheng Jun (3B)**|**Champion** |
| -------- | -------- | -------- |
| **Junior Boys Tier 2**|**Noah Fulpin De An (4C)**|**Champion** |
| **Junior Boys Tier 2**|**Chiang Yong Shan Kester (4E)**|**Champion** |
| **Junior Boys Tier 2**|**Lewis Tan Yan Yu (4E)**|**Champion** |
| **Junior Boys Tier 2**|**Kwan Zexian (4F)**|**Champion** |
| **Junior Boys Tier 2**|**Torrie Lim Xuan Wei (5B)**|**Champion** |
| **Junior Boys Tier 2**|**Lo De Yang Ray (5C)**|**Champion** |
| **Junior Boys Tier 2**|**Isaac Tseng Pin Xi (5D)**|**Champion** |
| **Junior Boys Tier 2**|**Jared Tan Yanheng (5D)**|**Champion** |
| **Junior Boys Tier 2**|**Lim Cheng Xian (5D)**|**Champion** |
| **Junior Boys Tier 2**|**Nathan Koh Jun Yang (5D)**|**Champion** |
| **Junior Boys Tier 2**|**Guan Zhirui Jovan (5E)**|**Champion** |
| **Junior Boys Tier 2**|**Keshawn Tay Yin He (5E)**|**Champion** |
| **Junior Boys Tier 2**|**Siddharth Kiran Ravichandran (5F)**|**Champion** |
| **Junior Boys Tier 2**|**Aw Kai Le Benjamin (5G)** |**Champion** |
|




**2023 NSG Bowling Championship**

| **Senior Singles** | **Harikrishnan Rajsekhar (6B)** |**1st position** |
| -------- | -------- | -------- |
| **Senior Doubles**   | **Harikrishnan Rajsekhar (6B)**   | **5th position**     |
|**Senior Singles**|**Lim Yang Hee Elliot (6B)**|**8th position**|
|**Senior Doubles**|**Tong Kay Hsen (6D)**|**5th position**|
|

**2023 NSG Rope Skipping Competition**

| **Senior Individual Freestyle** | **Mandy Ng Min (5D)** |**3rd position** |
| -------- | -------- | -------- |
| **Senior Girls Team Double Dutch**   | **Galene Lau Yarn Kei (6A)**   | **3rd position**     |
| **Senior Girls Team Double Dutch**   | **Tan Sze Jing (6A)** | **3rd position**     |
| **Senior Girls Team Double Dutch**   |**Eva Cheong En Qi (6D)** | **3rd position**     |
| **Senior Girls Team Double Dutch**   | **Jaelyn Yeo Jia Nin (6G)** | **3rd position**     |
| **Senior Girls Team Speed Relay** | **Mandy Ng Min (5D)** |**3rd position** |
| **Senior Girls Team Speed Relay** | **Galene Lau Yarn Kei (6A)**|**3rd position** |
| **Senior Girls Team Speed Relay** | **Tan Sze Jing (6A)**|**3rd position** |
| **Senior Girls Team Speed Relay** | **Eva Cheong En Qi (6D)**|**3rd position** |
| **Senior Girls Team Speed Relay** | **Jaelyn Yeo Jia Nin (6G)**|**3rd position** |
| **Senior Girls Divisional Champion**   | **Mandy Ng Min (5D)**| **5th position**|
| **Senior Girls Divisional Champion**   | **Galene Lau Yarn Kei (6A)**    | **5th position**|
| **Senior Girls Divisional Champion**   |**Eva Cheong En Qi (6D)**| **5th position**|
| **Senior Girls Divisional Champion**   |**Jaelyn Yeo Jia Nin (6G)**| **5th position**|

position**     |
|**Junior Girls Individual Freestyle**|**Ng Xin Ying (4C)**|**3rd position**|
|**Junior Girls Pair Freestyle**|**Ng Xin Ying (4C)**|**3rd position**|
|**Junior Girls Pair Freestyle**|**Elena Soo Hui Jie (4D)**|**3rd position**|
|**Junior Girls Individual Speed**|**Elena Soo Hui Jie (4D)**|**Bronze Achievement Pin**|
|**Junior Girls Individual Speed**|**Lee Ruo Ting Averie (4F)**|**Bronze Achievement Pin**|
|**Junior Girls Double Under**|**Tan Zhi Yu (4A)**|**Bronze Achievement Pin**|
|**Junior Mixed Double Dutch**|**Ng Xin Ying (4C)<br>Ong Hui En (5B)<br>Tan Chen Brayden (5B)<br>Isaac Ang Rui Bin (5G)**|**2nd position**|
|**Junior Girls Team Double Dutch**|**Tan Zhi Yu (4A)<br>Hannah Ng Qi Xin (5D)<br>Kwan Yu Yun (5D)<br>Chan Ashrielle (5E)**|**2nd position**|
|**Junior Girls Team Speed Relay**|**Chan Mun Lio Maegan (4A)<br>Elena Soo Hui Jie (4D)<br>Lee Ruo Ting Averie (4F)<br>Hannah Ng Qi Xin (5D)<br>Tricia Athena Goh (5G)**|**Bronze Achievement Pin**|
|



**2023 Taekwondo (Poomsae) Competition**

| **Green 5 Belt** | **Fang Lexin (2D)** |**6th position** |
| -------- | -------- | -------- |
| **Yellow 7 belt**   | **Elena Soo Hui Jie (4D)**    | **7th position**     |
|


**2023 NSG Table Tennis Championships (Singles Competitions)**

| **Tier 1** | **Li Junle Tyler (4B)**<br>**Shen Jia'an (5C)**<br>**Olivia Hew Chen Lin (5E)** |**Gold Achievement Pin** |
| -------- | -------- | -------- |
|**Tier 2** | **Goh Jun Yi (4C)**<br>**Cher Hao Yi (5C)** |**Silver Achievement Pin** |
|


**2023 NSG Tennis Championships (Singles Competition, Orange Ball)**

| **Tier 3.1** | **Siah Zhi En Andrew (2H)** |**1st position** |
| -------- | -------- | -------- |
|


**2023 NSG Track and Field Competition**


| **Junior 2 Girls Long Implement Throw** | **Megan Leong Suk Yee (5E)** |**3rd position** |
| -------- | -------- | -------- |
| **Senior 1 Girls 80m**   | **Lee Ying En Gloria (6B)**    | **1st position**     |
| **Senior 1 Girls Vertical Jump**   | **Lee Ying En Gloria (6B)**    | **6th position**     
| **Senior 1 Girls Vertical Jump**   | **Kayla Chin Kaiyi (6G)**    | **8th position**     
|



**2023 Wushu Competition**

| **1st International Chang Quan** | **Ang Jun Xian Keegan (2C)** |**7th position** |
| -------- | -------- | -------- |
| **5 Duan Nan Quan**   | **Aldric Tan Xuan Bin (2H)**    | **6th position**     |
| **3 Duan Nan Quan**   | **Jernelle Chong Yu Xuan (5E)**    | **7th position**     
|



**11th Singapore Inter-Schools Diving Championships 2023**

The championships were held from 4 March to 5 March. We are delighted to share the following outstanding results. Well done, pupils!



| **Level 2 Junior Boys 1m Springboard** | **Micah Tan Derui (2F)** |**4th position** |
| -------- | -------- | -------- |
| **Level 2 Junior Girls 1m Springboard**   | **Milla Tan Ruiqi (2F)**    | **4th position**     |
|

**2023 National Primary Schools Sports Climbing Championship**

| **Senior Boys division Boulder Challenge** | **Elliot Kek (6F)** |**1st position** |
| -------- | -------- | -------- |
| **Senior Boys division Top Rope Challenge**   | **Elliot Kek (6F)**    | **2nd position**     |
|


**Celebrating Character in Sporting Excellence - Singapore Primary Schools Council (SPSSC) Sportsmanship Award**

The SPSSC Sportsmanship Award is given to deserving pupils who have demonstrated outstanding sportsmanship during their training sessions and the National School Games (NSG).

We are delighted that the following pupils were awarded the **SPSSC Sportsmanship Award** in their respective competitions!



| Name | Class | Event |
| -------- | -------- | -------- |
| **Joanne Kee Jiamin**    | **5C**     | **Artistic Gymnastics Championships 2023** |
|**Xu Mingzhuo**|**4D**|**Badminton Championships 2023**
|**Chan En En Samantha**|**5C**|
|**Ng Xin Ying**<br>|**4C**|**Rope Skipping Championships 2023**|
**Tan Chen Brayden**|**5B**
|**Mandy Ng Min**|**5D**
**Tan Sze Jing**|**6A**|
|**Low Hui En, Mavis**<br>**Lee Zhi Xian**<br>**Caleb Chong Yi En**<br>**Tan Wee How Jayston**<br>**Low Hui Qi Megan**|**4D**<br>**4F**<br>**5D**<br>**6B**<br>**6D**|**Swimming Championships 2023**|
|**Li Junle Tyler**<br>**Olivia Hew Chen Lin**<br>**Tan Shi Ring**|**4B**<br>**5E**<br>**6D**|**Table Tennis Championships 2023**|
|


**Singapore Youth Festival (SYF) Art Exhibition**

We are delighted to share our pupils’ participation in the SYF 2023. The SYF Art Exhibition celebrates the artist in every student. This exhibition serves as a showcase for our children’s creative ideas, personal aspirations, and unique artistic expressions. It highlights their individuality and encourages dialogue on ideas, inspirations, and the artistic process. We take great pride in our pupils’ accomplishments, and we believe that their participation in the SYF 2023 has been a rewarding and enriching experience for them.

| Name | Class 
| -------- | -------- 
| **Ang Jun Xian Keegan**     | **2C** |
|**Siena Rae Seeto Li En**|	**2C**
|**Rhian Ang**|	**2E**
| **Wu Yunqi Ayley**     | **2E** |
|**Han Lynn**|	**2F**
|**Jeanine Cher Jia Ning**|	**2F**
| **Wendy Liu Siqi**     | **2F** |
|**Yong Shou Wang**|	**2G**
|**Joella Su Ker Ern**|	**2H**
| **Holiday Ng Yuzi**     | **3D** |
|**Mark Ng Rhui Ze**|	**3E**
|**Goh Jun Yi**|	**4C**
| **Joielle Chua Le Xuan**     | **4C** |
|**Tham Xue En, Chaynessa**|	**4C**
|**Yap Qi Le, Sophie**|	**4C**
| **Yau Yu Ching**     | **4C** |
|**Joanna Carolline Nunuhitu**|	**4E**
|**Aldrich Yeo Yu Feng**|	**5G**
| **Lee Ying En, Gloria**     | **6B** |
|**Teo Lok Oon**|	**6C**
|**Joelle Tay Le En**|	**6D**
| **Maggie Liu Minqi**     | **6D** |
|**Mary Jane Laiman**|	**6D**
|**Sophie Tihi**|	**6D**
| **Ang Jun Yi Megan**     | **6F** |
|**Lee Zhi Yi Athena**|	**6F**
|**Gabrielle Zhang**|	**6G**
|

**Guitar Ensemble's Performance at Bishan East - Sin Ming 58th National Day Dinner**

Our Guitar Ensemble performed at the Bishan East – Sin Ming 58th National Day Dinner on 12 August to a crowd of over two thousand. In the spirit of National Day, the audience was treated to two instrumental pieces, ‘Home’ and ‘Oh, Singapura’.

The final item was a strum-and-sing-a-long where the audience joined in the singing of ‘Singapore Town’ accompanied by the strumming of the ensemble. We are proud of our members for being able to rise to the occasion to give their best performance. Their hours of practice and ability to overcome their initial nervousness exemplify our school values of ARISE. Well done, Guitar Ensemble!

**Learning for Life (LLP) Programme - Partnership with TOUCH Community Services**

In Semester Two, the Visual Arts Club partnered TOUCH Community Services to embark on a unique artistic journey. Four of the Visual Arts Club members and artists with special needs from TOUCH Community Services were given the opportunity to work together, sharing ideas, emotions, and experiences to co-create a meaningful piece of artwork. They utilised various artistic elements to convey the notion of a young sapling tree, symbolising the growth of our pupils into responsible citizens who embody the ARISE values. The colour scheme chosen for the artwork draws from our school's house colours, comprising blue, green, purple, red and yellow. The artwork would be featured in memorabilia as part of the primary school’s centennial celebrations next year. This initiative, which is a part of the school’s Values-in-Action programme, aimed to sow the seeds of empathy in pupils, offering them a platform to embrace diversity and understand the unique challenges faced by individuals with special needs. It was a memorable learning experience for our pupils who had put their talents to good use by contributing to the cause of forging an inclusive society. Well done, pupils! We are very proud of you!



|Name | Class | 
| -------- | -------- | 
| **Teh Shi Yun**     | **5A**     | 
|**Leong Yuen Xi Hannah**|**5D**|
|**Sabrynna Quinn Tjandra**|**5D**|
|**Cayes Tham Jun Hin**|**5F**|
|


**Beyond the Label (BTL) Fest 2023**

We are proud to share that one of our pupils, **Pak Kai Le Zeph (3F)**, performed for BTL Fest at Jewel on Fri 08 Sep. BTL is a nation-wide movement started in 2018 by National Council of Social Service (NCSS) which focuses on addressing stigma and promoting social inclusion for persons with mental health conditions (PMHCs). Graced by Former President Halimah Yacob and hosted by Mr Eric Chua, Senior Parliamentary Secretary for Social and Family Development &amp; Culture, Community and Youth, the event saw over 3,500 attendees.