---
title: "2024"
permalink: /achievements-2024/2024/
variant: tiptap
description: ""
---
<h3><strong>Achievements 2024</strong></h3>
<p><strong>2023 National English Writing Competition (NEW-C) Results</strong>
</p>
<p>Organised by Singapore Young Writers Press, the National English Writing
Competition (NEW-C) is an on-the-spot writing competition for children
between 8 and 12 years old to promote works by children, for children.
Through this competition and the publication of the entries, the organisation
hopes to inspire children to believe that it is possible to write good
stories under time constraints when they see their peers doing so. In addition,
they will also benefit from reading quality works. The competition also
serves to recognise and encourage budding talents.</p>
<p>More than 150 pupils from more than 40 primary schools in Singapore took
part in this competition in 2023. We are delighted to share that <strong>Kayla Chin Kaiyi (6 Grace, 2023)</strong> was
awarded the <strong>2nd Prize</strong> in the <strong>Primary 5 &amp; 6 Category</strong>.
Congratulations, Kayla!</p>
<p><strong>Juara Baca Berita Junior 2024 (Junior News Reader Champion 2024)</strong>
</p>
<p>Pupils from 10 primary schools competed in delivering news for the title
of Junior News Reader Champion 2024. The inaugural competition was jointly
organised by BERITA Mediacorp and Radin Mas Primary School, with the support
of the National Library Board.</p>
<p>This competition is part of BERITA Mediacorp’s efforts to approach and
attract young people to the mainstream media. It also aims to improve pupils'
reading skills and confidence during their examinations, and to instill
in them discernment so they will be able to identify fake news.</p>
<p>On the day of the competition, the pupils delivered the news script alone,
as well as duet with their guidance presenter. They were judged based on
pronunciation, intonation, fluency, style and appearance.</p>
<p>We are proud to share that <strong>Sakinah Umairah Binte Mohammad Sujak (5A)</strong> has
emerged as one of the winners for the competition! Congratulations, Sakinah!</p>
<p></p>
<p><strong>Girls' Brigade Company Award</strong>
</p>
<p>The Girls' Brigade 28P Singapore Company has been awarded the<strong> Gold Company Award</strong>.
This recognition is a testament to the outstanding achievements of our
girls, reflecting their dedication to our programmes, activities, and the
badges they have earned.</p>
<p>We extend our heartfelt gratitude to the girls for their dedication and
their parents for their unwavering support, which has played a crucial
role in the success of our company.</p>
<p></p>
<p><strong>Girls' Brigade Junior Brigader Brooch</strong>
</p>
<p>The Junior Brigader Brooch is the highest award that a primary school
girl can attain. It is awarded to those who exhibit exceptional responsibility,
character, and leadership qualities. The Girls underwent a rigorous process
of compiling a personal portfolio reflecting on their journey within the
Girls' Brigade. We are delighted to announce that 7 of our Junior Leaders
will be honored with this prestigious award.</p>
<table>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td rowspan="1" colspan="1">
<p>Name</p>
</td>
<td rowspan="1" colspan="1">
<p>Class</p>
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td rowspan="1" colspan="1">
<p><strong>Zelyn Yeo Xin Ying</strong>
</p>
</td>
<td rowspan="1" colspan="1">
<p><strong>6A</strong>
</p>
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td rowspan="1" colspan="1">
<p><strong>Mikaela Ng Jin Xin</strong>
</p>
</td>
<td rowspan="1" colspan="1">
<p><strong>6C</strong>
</p>
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td rowspan="1" colspan="1">
<p><strong>Khoo Rui Qi, Sophie</strong>
</p>
</td>
<td rowspan="1" colspan="1">
<p><strong>6C</strong>
</p>
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td rowspan="1" colspan="1">
<p><strong>Kwan Yu Yun</strong>
</p>
</td>
<td rowspan="1" colspan="1">
<p><strong>6D</strong>
</p>
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td rowspan="1" colspan="1">
<p><strong>Faith Loo Sze Qi</strong>
</p>
</td>
<td rowspan="1" colspan="1">
<p><strong>6E</strong>
</p>
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td rowspan="1" colspan="1">
<p><strong>Desnia Leong Ruishan</strong>
</p>
</td>
<td rowspan="1" colspan="1">
<p><strong>6G</strong>
</p>
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td rowspan="1" colspan="1">
<p><strong>Wong Chien Yieng Sophie</strong>
</p>
</td>
<td rowspan="1" colspan="1">
<p><strong>6G</strong>
</p>
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td rowspan="1" colspan="1">
<p></p>
</td>
<td rowspan="1" colspan="1">
<p></p>
</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>
<p></p>
<p><strong>Lead Oath Taker for the National School Games (NSG) Opening Ceremony 2024</strong>
</p>
<p>The NSG was officially opened by Minister for Education Mr Chan Chun Sing
on Tue 30 Jan at the OCBC Arena. We are delighted to share that <strong>Mandy Ng Min (6D)</strong> was
selected to be the Lead Oath Taker at the ceremony. Mandy led a group of
pupil athletes from different schools representing 29 sports in reciting
the Athlete’s Oath. As the captain of our school’s Rope Skipping Team,
Mandy Ng demonstrates remarkable leadership and sportsmanship. Her commitment
and excellence as a pupil athlete have shone through and is truly commendable.</p>
<p>Congratulations, Mandy!</p>
<p><strong>Rope Skipping Performance at Bishan East-Sin Ming Chinese New Year Celebration 2024</strong>
</p>
<p>The Bishan Community Centre was filled with cheers and applause as our
talented Rope Skipping Team comprising of P4 to P6 pupils took the stage
for a spectacular performance on Sun 18 Feb. With precision and grace,
the team showcased a medley of skipping moves. Their performance captivated
the audience. It was a testament to the hard work and dedication of our
young performers, whose infectious enthusiasm left a lasting impression
on all who witnessed their dazzling display, along with the support of
our pupils’ families.</p>
<p><strong>Performance at Mediacorp Channel 8 Lunar New Year’s Eve Special 2024 Countdown《龙宝献瑞贺新春》</strong>
</p>
<p>The show, a cross-platform collaboration, brings together numerous celebrities,
radio DJs and student performers to joyfully welcome the arrival of the
Year of Dragon. The following pupils had the opportunity to showcase their
exceptional dance performances at the Mediacorp Channel 8 Lunar New Year’s
Eve Special 2024 Countdown! Well done, pupils! We are proud of you!</p>
<table>
<tbody>
<tr>
<th rowspan="1" colspan="1">
<p>Name</p>
</th>
<th rowspan="1" colspan="1">
<p>Class</p>
</th>
</tr>
<tr>
<td rowspan="1" colspan="1">
<p><strong>Isabelle Octavia Bean 毕亦菲</strong>
</p>
</td>
<td rowspan="1" colspan="1">
<p><strong>2F</strong>
</p>
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td rowspan="1" colspan="1">
<p><strong>Vincent Chen Jiyu 陈纪羽</strong>
</p>
</td>
<td rowspan="1" colspan="1">
<p><strong>3C</strong>
</p>
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td rowspan="1" colspan="1">
<p><strong>Aaron Chen Jizhou 陈纪舟</strong>
</p>
</td>
<td rowspan="1" colspan="1">
<p><strong>5E</strong>
</p>
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td rowspan="1" colspan="1">
<p><strong>Zachary Dallas Bean毕登杰</strong>
</p>
</td>
<td rowspan="1" colspan="1">
<p><strong>6C</strong>
</p>
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td rowspan="1" colspan="1">
<p><strong>Chloe Chen Luoyi 陈洛伊</strong>
</p>
</td>
<td rowspan="1" colspan="1">
<p><strong>6E</strong>
</p>
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td rowspan="1" colspan="1">
<p></p>
</td>
<td rowspan="1" colspan="1">
<p></p>
</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>
<p></p>
<p></p>
<p></p>